Welcome everybody today to today's team meeting. Thank you very much for
attending. We are due to run today from 2:30 until 3:00. So I am aware that
we're quite tight on time. So I have put together an agenda for us to work
through so that we can get through the topics that we need to cover. As we have
a rotational minute- or it's all about meetings, Morgan will be taking the
minutes of today's meeting. Amy, you will be taking the minutes at our next
meeting. So thank you. As I said before, this is a great chance to kind of home
those minute taking skills. So please do take up this opportunity and then
informal setting that we're in at the moment. So our first agenda item, then, is
apologies. So I do have apologies from Emma. She's unable to attend today as
she's already meeting this morning. I don't have any apologies from Charles. Has
anybody seen him? Yeah, I didn't see him in the kitchen making a cup of tea, so
I'm sure he won't be long. That's fine, not a problem. We are quite sure to
time. So I am going to make a start on the meeting anyway. If that's our second
agenda item, then is team updates. So we're just going to spend a couple of
minutes providing a bit of an update to each other on a key priorities and work
that we've got going on at the moment. Morgan, could we start with you please?
Yes, my blog, so that will go up soon. The press play on shoes having a bit of
an updated with their work. So Morgan's princess update on our project plan. So,
if you've got any comments or any feedback, if you want to get in touch with me
and I'll have to take them on board the flight. Thank you very much for the
update. I do have a bit of an update as well, so I went to a meeting on Monday
and we discussed some new training that we're going to be providing. Finally, I
do have a strategic update to give to you, but that's part of a wider team
update. I will do that following a wider team meeting. It was going to take
place in the couple in a couple of weeks. Has anybody got any questions at all
regarding any of those updates? Item three: the odd operating plan. I did Issue
you all this and our last team meeting and ask you all have a look at it. So
thank you very much because I do know that you've done that this is a great
document now so that we can use this as showing what we've got going on in the
coming year and our provision that we're going to be providing. Has anybody got
any questions at all about this document- individual tasks, but I will build
that into the appraisal meeting as part of the wide objectives that you were set
in your last meeting. Thank you, yeah, it does that make sense, thank you, have
any more questions on Spotify? That sounds fantastic. Thank you very much. I
have seen it and it does look really good. Is there anything that we need to do
to help you with that at all? It would be really useful if you could just take
some time out just to review it and see. If there's any, just get back to me.
That would be great, thank you. No problem, Morgan, could you drop that down as
an action for everybody, please, for the next meeting, and then we'll update Amy
during the next meeting. What's that's all the numbers for the next 4 weeks and
any Cruise in the meantime? Just let me know. Thank you very much. So has
anybody got anything they want to bring up or discuss that we haven't already
mentioned on the charity committee and we've been asked out with some creative
ideas for events to run next year. So I thought maybe we were all together we
could take the opportunity to brainstorm a few things to take forward. Okay,
that's a great consideration that we need to make. I would love to get involved
in some of those events. I don't think we have the time to look at that today,
unfortunately, because we are quite short on time. Morgan, could you put that
down for the next meeting and if we could all look into that and get back to
Charles when we meet again? That would be great. Is that okay? Yeah, that's
really good, thank you, thank you. Is there anything anybody else wants to
mention? No, no, okay, that's everything from me. I don't have anything else to
add except thank you very much for all your hard work. We could all meet again
next week. That would be lovely. I will be in touch to extend that meeting so
that we have enough time to allow for the discussion on the charity events.
Morgan, if you could circulate the actions by the end of the day, that would be
great. So we all got time to look at those, ready for the next meeting. Thank
you very much for sending everybody thank you. (sad)